president
Any lady of the old man will give you a blind date inside.
I see. I'll just go in alone.
Yes
Come here, brat
My grandson is here
Hahaha
This girl is my granddaughter-in-law
If you raise your hand again today
Don't blame me for turning my face and not recognizing people.
grandma
Hello
Are you sure you want to go on a blind date with me?
These days, people with this kind of appearance need to come to a blind date.
Yes!
But I need my daughter's approval.
I also need approval from my son
Do you have a car? Do you have a house?
Is the job stable?
Have a car, a house, and a stable job
so-so
Barely agree
star
I like this aunt
Ah!
Hahahaha, did you see it?
Since it is better to choose a day like this
How about you today, you two get married, hahahaha.
Ah, hello, meet
My name is Song Nan Ge and I am an interior designer
I just came to Haicheng with my child Chao Dynasty not long ago
Hello, my name is Feng Yanchenfeng.
Just met and can't fully trust
He is hiding the identity of the president
Very ordinary migrant worker
A lot of advice
Now that we are married
That should live together
Do you think tomorrow is convenient? It's convenient.
Then you can send me the address.
My child, Chao Chao, is still waiting for me. I'll go first.
Ok. See you tomorrow.
Gao Touzi bought me a set
Hey no
Mr. Feng, are you dissatisfied with your current villa?
No, I just got married.
The marriage partner, grandma and Xingxing, are very satisfied
But I don't trust these women anymore
Just buy any house, not too big.
Is it because of what happened back then?
Xuanxuan's mother begged for remnant worship
You even have your own mother like this
Not to mention these unrelated people hmmm